MONGOID-4403 Support Dirty Tracking changed from/to (#5432)
mongodb/mongoid: docs/release-notes/mongoid-8.1.txt

See the section on :ref:`Localize :present Field Option <present-fields>` for
more details on how these are used.

Added ``:to`` and ``:from`` options to ``attribute_changed?``
-------------------------------------------------------------

Mongoid 8.1 adds the ``:to`` and ``:from`` options on the ``attribute_changed?``

> method. These options can be used to assert that the attribute has been changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method. These options can be used to inquire whether the attribute has been changed
```

> to or from certain values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to or from a certain value:
```

.. code:

  class Person
    include Mongoid::Document
    field :name, type: String
  end

  person = Person.create!(name: "Trout")
  person.name = "Ohtani"

  person.name_changed?
  # => true
  person.name_changed?(from: "Trout")
  # => true
  person.name_changed?(to: "Ohtani")
  # => true
  person.name_changed?(from: "Trout", to: "Ohtani")

>   # => true

Reviewer: One example here where the return value is false would be nice.

Author: done
